LANGUAGE DESIGN

I've submitted both language discriptions in one file to make it easier on the
graders and on myself. I've also changed my tests since last submission, and
those are appended to the bottom of this file.

what I tested:
  - static vs dynamic scoping
  - pass by reference / value / other
  - function currying
  - box operations and their effect on the store and context
  - how the with statement is evaluated in regard to the order of arguments

MARPLE:
I noticed that marple has some interesting effects on the way that values are
bound. because the with statement is being bound as a series of nexted lambdas,
I was able to determine that the marple assignment was pass by reference, in
that each time a new lambda is invoked, its the names of the formal parameters
are essentially pointers to the actual parameters. This is why when you change
the value that the actual parameters point to, you change what the formal
parameters point to, but when you change what the formal parameters point to,
you do not change the actual parameters at all. Marple also uses static scope.
Marple is a curried language, ie, every function can have only one parameters,
and functions declared with more than one are desugared to functions with only
one. Box operations seem to not be in a functioning order, ie, setbox does not
work. with statements are also all evaluated independantly of one another, such
that variables declared previously in the same with block are not usable later
in the definitions portion of the with.
"definitions portion" = (with (definitions) body)


SHERLOCK:
Sherlock is also statically scoped, however in the case of with statements,
later statements the definitions portion of the with statement are able to use
variables defined in the earlier portions. Sherlock is also a pass by value
interpreter, in that binding one variable to another literally points at them at
the same piece of memory, and when that piece of memory is changed, that change
reflects in all the variables. This language is also a curried language, which I
described the definition of in the marple section. Because of the pass by value
design, box operations (namely setbox) that did not work in the marple do in
fact work in sherlock.
